hey what's going on one district mess
here and today we are going to be taking
a look at the seagate backup plus
streets or white hard drive now this is
a USB 3.0 hard drive as you can see and
this is compatible with the mac and
windows right out of the box so you
don't need to reformat it to use with a
mac or with windows and stuff and yes it
can do clubs stories as well so let's go
ahead and get this open so we're getting
in through the box we have a few tanks
on the back of this box now we have us
BTW point on cable which is included
inside the package we can also use
firewire 800 which i would be using and
trying it out and testing the speeds and
we can also use a tender bottle adapter
although the internal part of that / is
quite expensive you still have an option
to use it and just travel work as good
as possible with 10 gigabytes per second
of transfer rate so let's go ahead and
slice this open right about cheer so as
you can see we have quite some things
inside the boss we can see the hard
drive and the end of the box right here
so let's take on the hard drive and here
we have the hard drive itself let's put
the side for a while and we'll take a
look at what's more inside the box so
let's go ahead and take this packet out
and she so let's open this up and
basically what we have inside is the USB
3.0 cable to the mini USB adapter and
the power adapter for the hard drive so
that is pretty much about it in the
prompt box basically let's go ahead and
put this open so your we have the u.s.
pin power adapter it depends on where
you're living if you ordered in some
place like India or something you'll get
the treatment adapter and well that
depends on the region itself and let's
go ahead and take this abbott box and we
have the USB to the proprietary port of
the hard drive let's go ahead and take a
look at the hardware itself
now as you're taking the todd look at
the hard drive itself here we have some
instruction manuals yeah where you have
the Start Guide so we have let's start
and you how to set it up and a lot of
instructions basically so you're going
to keep this aside and let's go ahead
and box the hard drive itself so let's
go ahead and take this out and here we
have the hard drive itself so as you can
see the hard drive is pretty slim it is
quite heavy compared to most of the hard
drives in the market and well it's a
free okay for a tweeter bite hard drive
and let's take a look at what is on it
so we have here the heating length so if
for the hard room gets heated other fans
will take the heat out from here we have
the power adapter port and the
proprietary USB port and we have the
capacity lights so the morn fills up the
more lights will blink and go over on
the top and if it's not filled up it
would be just one light or no light at
all and this hard drive s has a sleep
feature so if you're not using the hard
drive will sleep and go to sleep and
turn it off automatically and if you are
using it as a backup and turn it on
again or when the computer needs it so
are pretty amazing so this is basically
all about the hard drive guys thanks for
watching and on the next time I'll see
you guys in the next video peace